Update intrapartum concept model (part 2) (#1533)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/concept_models/vivarium_mncnh_portfolio/concept_model.rst

    - Incidence of ectopic pregnancies, abortion or miscarriage
    - get_draws(gbd_round_id=7, location_id=location_id, gbd_id_type='cause_id', gbd_id=[995,374], source='como', measure_id=6, metric_id=3, age_group_id=24, sex_id=2, year_id=2021, decomp_step='iterative')
    - incidence_c374 + incidence_c995
    - These simulants will NOT continue in the model. Use the `total population incidence <Total Population Incidence Rate>`_ rate directly from GBD and do not rescale this parameter to susceptible-population incidence rate using condition prevalence. 
  * - 1
    - % of simulants to attend each delivery facility type, based on their propensity

>     - At home (68.3%), in public/governmental health facility (26.6%), in private for-profit health facility (2.5%), in private not-for-profit health facility (0.8%), and other (1.8%) 

Reviewer: So it looks like you're splitting the private/NGO health facility category into two facility types, "private for-profit" and "private not-for-profit", right? Do you see a particular advantage to adding this further stratification?

Reviewer: Ok, thanks, that's all good to know. Yes, this seems like a good topic to discuss tomorrow!

    -    
  * - 3
    - % of each facility type have cesarian section capabilities
    - Public/governmental health facility (62%), private for-profit health facility (60%), at home  (0%), private not-for-profit health facility (86%), other (10%)  
    - EmONC (Ethiopia; saved at J:\Project\simulation_science\optimization_model_data\EmONC 2016_Master Dataset_Final\ETH_EmONC Assessment 2016_Final Report Jan11 2018.pdf) 
    - We want these to be location specific, please code accordingly. These are placeholder values for now (extracted from the EmONC Final Report, link in 'Source' column; the 'other' value is made-up), hopefully we will be able to find similar data available for Pakistan and Nigeria.   
  * - 4
    - XX relative risk of c-section on incidence of hemorrhage and obstructed labor 
    - 
    - 
    - Outstanding items: how does c-section need overlap with hemorrhage/OL, what is the RR, how will we implement this with overlaps in total MD impact of facility type 
  * - 5

>     - % of pregnancy receive azithromycin in each delivery facility type

Author: The placeholder values I've included here are actually the percentage of each facility type that have azithromycin, not the percentage of pregnancies that receive it. So we might need to do further data seeking if we want facility types to be more or less likely to actually give out the azithromycin to pregnant people.

Reviewer: Could you add this information to the notes column so we know what the numbers actually represent and so we don't forget about possibly doing more data seeking?

Reviewer: Also, grammar:
```suggestion
    - % of pregnancies that receive azithromycin in each delivery facility type
```

    - At home (10%), in public/governmental health facility (41%), in private for-profit health facility (10%), private not-for-profit health facility (10%), other (10%)  
    - SARA (Ethiopia; Table 3.8.2)
    - These are placeholder values and will be updated with further analysis. We want these to be location specific, please code accordingly.  
  * - 6
    - Relative risk of azithromycin on incidence of sepsis and other infections

>     - 0.65 (0.55, 0.77)

Author: I'm not sure if it makes sense to include upper and lower uncertainty bounds for this number, but the data source provided them, so I included them - I can remove though.

Reviewer 2: definitely include --- we will want to propagate this uncertainty through to our results, by using "input draws" sampled from an appropriate distribution calibrated to have the mean and UI you find.

    -    
  * - 3
    - % of each facility type have cesarian section capabilities

>     - Public/governmental hospital (62%), private and/or NGO health facility (73%), at home  (0%), country-specific governmental health facility (50%) 

Reviewer: It looks like here you still have the broader "private and/or NGO health facility" category rather than splitting it into "private for-profit health facility" and "private not-for-profit health facility". Was that intentional? It looks like the original change to this line in this PR was:
> Public/governmental health facility (62%), private for-profit health facility (60%), at home  (0%), private not-for-profit health facility (86%), other (10%)

Maybe there was an accidental reversion when you updated the category names?

Reviewer: Ah, it looks like this might have been due to a merge conflict with the other PR.

Author: Oops, thanks for catching that! Should be fixed now.

>     - Public/governmental health facility (62%), private for-profit health facility (60%), at home  (0%), private not-for-profit health facility (86%), other (10%)  

Author: For the value here, the 'other' category is entirely made up, I'm expecting we'll update it based on further research. The 4.8% to 1.8% change was because I am no longer including 'country-specific government health facility' as 'other'.

>     - Public/governmental health facility (62%), private for-profit health facility (60%), at home  (0%), private not-for-profit health facility (86%), other (10%)  

Reviewer: Ok, thanks for the clarification.

    - EmONC (Ethiopia; saved at J:\Project\simulation_science\optimization_model_data\EmONC 2016_Master Dataset_Final\ETH_EmONC Assessment 2016_Final Report Jan11 2018.pdf) 
    - We want these to be location specific, please code accordingly. These are placeholder values for now (extracted from the EmONC Final Report, link in 'Source' column; the 'other' value is made-up), hopefully we will be able to find similar data available for Pakistan and Nigeria.   
  * - 4a
    - Relative risk of c-section on incidence of hemorrhage
    - 2.05 (1.84-2.29)

>     - https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7887994/

Reviewer: The hyperlinks are making this table column extra wide because they don't have spaces. One way to fix that would be to change it from a raw URL to hyperlinked text so that the link could be a shorter word or phrase that fits more nicely in the table.

    - Relative risk of c-section on incidence of hemorrhage
    - 2.05 (1.84-2.29)
    - https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7887994/
    - This value is a stand-in from this population-based study in Tibet (see 'Source' column), in which the authors reported an odds ratio rather than a relative risk. With further research and analysis we will likely update this value. Outstanding items: how does c-section need overlap with hemorrhage/OL, what is the RR, how will we implement this with overlaps in total MD impact of facility type
  * - 4b
    - Relative risk of c-section on incidence of obstructed labor 
    - 
    - 
    - Outstanding items: how does c-section need overlap with hemorrhage/OL, what is the RR, how will we implement this with overlaps in total MD impact of facility type 
    - Outstanding items: how does c-section need overlap with hemorrhage/OL, what is the RR, how will we implement this with overlaps in total MD impact of facility type  
  * - 5
    - XX% of pregnancy receive in each delivery facility type
    - 
    - 

>     - Confirm understanding that all pregnancies can/should receive this

Reviewer: Maybe don't delete this so we don't forget, unless you've confirmed it

Author: Syl confirmed that the understanding is that all pregnancies *should* receive it, but that they currently don't and we need to figure out how much we want to increase coverage in the alternative scenarios. Slack thread for reference: https://ihme.slack.com/archives/C02944X688L/p1726077170940639?thread_ts=1726074424.175769&cid=C02944X688L

Reviewer: Ok, great, thanks for the clarification. I'll make a note to follow up with BMGF about what the intervention scenarios should look like.

>     - These are placeholder values and will be updated with further analysis. We want these to be location specific, please code accordingly.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - These are placeholder values (percentage of each facility type that have azithromycin, not the percentage of pregnancies that receive it) and will be updated with further analysis. We want these to be location specific, please code accordingly.  
```

>     - https://www.ajog.org/article/S0002-9378(22)02210-4/fulltext#undfig1 

Reviewer: Ditto with the long URL

    - Outstanding items: how will we implement this with overlaps in total MD impact of facility type 
  * - 7
    - % of pre-term or known LBW pregnancies will receive antenatal corticosteroids, split by delivery facility type
    - At home (10%), in public/governmental hospital (2%), in private for-profit health facility (22%), and private not-for-profit health facility (4%), country-specific governmental health facility (10%)  

>     - EmONC (Ethiopia; Table 10.5.4A)

Reviewer: What's the denominator in these percentages? E.g., preterm births? All births? Preterm or LBW births?

Author: The denominator is preterm or LBW births, I can add a note of that

Author: The exact wording from the source is "Percent distribution of cases of preterm and low birth weight babies according to 
client status at birth/admission, treatment, and outcome, by facility type and managing authority"

Author: I added a note about this and that we want these values to be location-specific, even though currently these are values for Ethiopia only.

Reviewer: Ok great, thanks! And the numerator is the number of those that got antenatal corticosteroids?

Why is the public hospital percentage so low (2%)? I would have expected the percentage in any hospital (public or private) to be higher than the percentage for home birth (10%). And 10% for home births seems rather high...

Author: Yes, you're right. I think this is another reason to simplify the stratification of facilities to the 3 options of hospital (high-level), clinic (low-level), and home. In EmONC, hospitals show 12% of preterm/LBW pregnancies receiving ACS, while public/governmental health facilities more generally only showed 2%. I will update these values accordingly, but I can do so in a separate PR.

Reviewer: Sounds good, thanks
